Add Network Load Balancer (#52)
exoscale/terraform-provider-exoscale: website/docs/r/nlb_service.html.markdown

---
layout: "exoscale"
page_title: "Exoscale: exoscale_nlb_service"
sidebar_current: "docs-exoscale-nlb-service"
description: |-

>   Provides an Exoscale Network Load Balancer Service resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Provides an Exoscale Network Load Balancer service resource.
```

Since it's a noun in this context, *service* should not be capitalized (applies everywhere).

Author: 4bd3625

---

# exoscale\_nlb

Provides an Exoscale Network Load Balancer (NLB) Service resource. This can be used to create, modify, and delete NLB Services.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "zone" {
  default = "de-fra-1"
}

variable "template" {

>   default = "Linux Ubuntu 18.04 LTS 64-bit"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  default = "Linux Ubuntu 20.04 LTS 64-bit"
```

😏

}

data "exoscale_compute_template" "website" {
  zone = var.zone
  name = var.template
}

resource "exoscale_instance_pool" "website" {
  name = "instancepool-website"
  description = "Instance Pool Website nodes"
  template_id = data.exoscale_compute_template.website.id
  service_offering = "medium"
  size = 3
  zone = var.zone
}

resource "exoscale_nlb" "website" {
  name = "website"
  description = "This is the Network Load Balancer for my website"
  zone = var.zone
}

resource "exoscale_nlb_service" "website" {
  zone = exoscale_nlb.website.zone
  name = "website"

>   description = "This is the Network Load Balancer Service for my website"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description = "Website over HTTP"
```

  nlb_id = exoscale_nlb.website.id
  instance_pool_id = exoscale_instance_pool.website.id
	protocol = "tcp"
	port = 80
	target_port = 8080
	strategy = "round-robin"

  healthcheck {
    port = 8080
    mode = "http"
    uri = "/healthz"
    interval = 5

>     timeout = 5

Reviewer: Timeout must be lower than interval.

```suggestion
    timeout = 3
```

    retries = 1
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `nlb_id` - (Required) The ID of the NLB to attach the Service.
* `zone` - (Required) The name of the [zone][zone] used by the NLB.

> * `instance_pool_id` - (Required) The ID of the Instance Pool to attach the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `instance_pool_id` - (Required) The ID of the Instance Pool to forward network traffic to.
```

* `name` - (Required) The name of the NLB Service.
* `port` - (Required) The port of the NLB service.

> * `target_port` - (Required) The port targeted by the NLB to the Instance Pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `target_port` - (Required) The port to forward network traffic to on target instances.
```
